README.md, before:

# Thermal developmental environments do not affect thermal physiology: An experimental test and meta-analysis in reptiles

# Data files

All raw data used for scripts can be found in folder "Final.Analysis.Data".

### Experimental Data

### Meta-analysis Data

# Analysis files
All saved  meta-analysis models can be found in folder "Final.Models". 
### Experimental Analysis
The scripts "Thermal_gradient.R" & "CTmax.R" is all code used for experimental study. Each script contains models fit, and their appropriate checks to test if developmental environments/maternal investment influences thermal physiology in *L. delicata*.

### Meta-analysis

The  "meta-analysis.R" script has all the code used for meta-analysis for reptiles to test if developmental environments/maternal investment influences thermal physiology across age class, taxa, and latitude. Headings will provide detail of code that follows. 


# Figure Files
 All figures (and supplementary figures) used in manuscript can be found in "Final.figures" folder. 

# Rmd file
Information has been saved for each final analysis which was then used in the .rmd file. The rmd file has results, figures, and tables as appeared in the text. Code chunks detail analysis that is being conducted for each section.

Commit message:

Updating readme file and added csv file that explains column meta data (Ctmax, Tpref, meta analysis)

README.md, after:

# Thermal developmental environments do not affect thermal physiology: An experimental test and meta-analysis in reptiles

# Data files
All raw data used for scripts can be found in folder "Final.Analysis.Data".In this folder you will find raw data used for analysis,script, and figures for CTmax "CTmax_datasheet_2020.csv"; Tpref "Tpref_datasheet_2020.csv" and meta analysis "Final_Meta_results_extracted_data.csv". The descriptions for each column heading for raw data can be found in the csv file Data_file_column_names.csv.  Finally, in this folder is an rds file "Meta_df_rmdfile.rds" which is the meta-analysis extracted data that was used in the results .rmd file.

### Experimental Data - L. delicata 
Experimental data for CTmax and Tpref can be found in folder F"inal.Analysis.Data". CT max data used to measure *L. delicata* if file "CTmax_datasheet_2020.csv" and Tpref for *L. delicata* is "Tpref_datasheet_2020.csv". 

### Meta-analysis Data - Reptiles
Extracted meta analysis results can be found in folder "Final.Analysis.Data" and file name is "Final_Meta_results_extracted_data.csv". 

### Experimental Analysis -script
The scripts for experimental analysis can be found under the folder name "R". The script name is "L_delicata_Experimental_analysis.R" and contains script for both CTmax and Tpref models. Script contains model fit, and their appropriate checks to test if developmental environments/maternal investment influences thermal physiology in *L. delicata*.

### Meta-analysis - script
The  "meta-analysis.R" script has all the code used for meta-analysis for reptiles to test if developmental environments/maternal investment influences thermal physiology across age class, taxa, and latitude. Headings will provide detail of code that follows. 

# Final files
All saved models (CTmax, Tpref, & meta-analysis) can be found in folder "Final.Models" and are saved as .rds files. There you will find a model folder that describes models of interest. Meta-analysis models can be found in folder "Meta_analysis_models". CTmax models can be found in folder "CTmax_models" and Tpref models can be found in folder "Tpref_models". 

# Figure Files
 All figures (and supplementary figures) used in manuscript can be found in "Final.figures" folder. These are knited in the rmd file. 

# Rmd file
Information has been saved for each final analysis which was then used in the .rmd file - "Results.Rmd". The rmd file has results, figures, and tables as appeared in the text (including supplementary figures and tables). Code chunks detail analysis that is being conducted for each section.
